yo yo yo yo what up YouTube is beep
algae fun with everybody today I'm be
unboxing Fast Five yes everybody Fast
Five on blu-ray as you can see right
here in spaniel espanol everybody yes
thumbs up if you like español but you
can see right here some of the
screenshots vin diesel and paul walker
really really nice really really nice
how I like how it looks up vin diesel
paul walker and dwayne johnson says
right there but fast five yes a buddy
pass by you can see right here one of
the cars run fast five since the side
right here fast by I'm bluray right here
so you can see right here back back
that's the front dwayne johnson the rock
um things right here right some of the
things it says some the Krita says best
racing movie ever number one movie in
America you can see right here about
past five yes Fast Five DVD features
include interactive menus manuals and
scene selection theoretical trailers and
exclusive cast and crew interviews
special features yes a body fast fat
like i stated i went to my local best
buy for five bucks SI by go get it right
now for five bucks I got early release
date because you right here is some of
the scenes in the shot of the game in of
the of the movie in movie screenshots
right there yes a buddy right there as
you can see right there it's in
languages Spanish English French and
Italian same as languages right there
and you can see 1080p yes everybody
1080p I'm blu-ray um but other planes on
my ps3 are approximately 90 to 93
minutes long against a by 93 minutes on
right there so yeah I'm be unboxing it
so we go front and the back we go boom
so one things I don't like about this is
that we got we got screenshots right
here color we got screen shot in the
back but we don't got no screenshots in
the display this alright so we can see
right here something slip case fell on
the back you can see right here produced
by tight end yes anybody Titans not try
tense Titans you can see why this you
see Fast Five right here in invisible
ink 4.7 gb yes I a body 4.7
gb on the disk times eight so dvd-r
right here DVD our data video recordable
right there so you top this let's see
blu-ray you can see right there the
blu-ray so yeah these are the new
blu-ray cases and like I stayed it this
was five bucks five bucks s everybody so
hope you liked this unboxing of Fast
Five yes everybody fast five so hit the
hit a little button up below if you want
to be notified to my next video and
leave a comment down below if you like
the unboxing if you've seen the movie on
the theater or if you have the movie as
well yep so let me know don don
description down below leave a comment
and thumbs up the video please thumbs up
the video it helps me very much favorite
this video and send this video to
laughing because it really really helps
me out so this is probably for catch you
guys in my next video please so I hope
you guys like my fast and furious 5
unboxing yes that's in the first part in
my papa g funk imitation yo yo yo yo yo
what up YouTube is me family photo so
everybody apparently I'm kind of bored
right now and I have passed in the face
fast I want to do this video you guys
don't know who Papaji phone case is a
fellow youtuber it's better off you
don't know because he makes come crappy
as videos manche came to cheat yeah he
on yeah I leave a description down below
then his puppy g-funk um I'll leave it
right there and subscribe to him he's
pretty good at making videos and yeah
let me know how this went on gphone for
you man subscribe man i'm just kidding i
already subscribed so yeah please